Pull up 5.0 to master (#1553)
akeneo/pim-docs: manipulate_pim_data/mass_edition/register_a_new_mass_edit_action.rst

Prerequisite
------------
The mass edit action uses the `BatchBundle

> <https://github.com/akeneo/pim-community-dev/tree/5.0/src/Akeneo/Tool/Bundle/BatchBundle>`_ in order to run mass edit in the background. Readers and Writers are already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://github.com/akeneo/pim-community-dev/tree/master/src/Akeneo/Tool/Bundle/BatchBundle>`_ in order to run mass edit in the background. Readers and Writers are already
```
